In the DBMain and DbController classes, there are four commands that can be used.

The first, 'Make', simply makes a new database by the name 'Outlets.db', and the tables Outlets and Tags within it, which should
    be located in the project folder of wherever the classes are if an IDE is being used.
    It only needs to run once, as the database stays after the program is stopped, but should be the first command run.

The second 'Add', adds a row of data (i.e. data of an outlet) to the given table. It is structured as follows: Add, then the name of the database,
    the name of the table which is going to be added with a new row, then the pairs of columns and their values.
    As an example, if you wanted to add an outlet with an id of 0, and a name of Robins, you would enter the command:
        Add Outlets Outlets id 0 name 'Robins'
    The single quotes are needed as Robins is a string
    
The third command, 'Delete', removes a row from the table where the value/s of a column/s satisfies a condition. It is structured as follows:
    Add, then the name of the database, the name of the table from which a row is going to be removed, then the pairs of columns and their
    values for the conditions. For example, if you wanted to delete the row in the Outlets table where the id is 0, the commands would be:
        Delete Outlets Outlets Tag 0
        
The fourth command, 'Print', allows the output of the info of tables in a database. For example, typing the command, Print Outlets Tags, prints
    out all the rows in the Tags table of the Outlets database. In the current version of the code, a condition can also be specified where the ids and names
    of outlets which have the specified tags: i.e. 'Print Outlets Tags tag Chinese' prints out the ids and names of the outlets which has the Chinese tag
    
Typing 'end' finishes the program
    
NOTES: when running this code, the DB Browser for SQLite program should be used to help debugging the code by checking the status of a database:
        http://sqlitebrowser.org/
    I also plan to add more functionality to the code such as being able to change data for each outlet, and having more relations between tables.